  In the beginning, there was a thought, and with that thought, the universe burst forth. For that thought was the afterbirth of a God, a God of Creation no less. For a time, it existed, simply content with creating wondrous nebula, beautiful mountains, and fascinatingly complex creatures. But there was a problem, nothing it made could move - could exist - as it itself existed. The mountains remained unmoved, and the animals stayed as sculptures of flesh. The God pondered for an eternity on the issue. Eventually, the God of Creation gleaned a solution. It was to split its being in twain, with one half maintaining the role of Creator, tasked with creating new life and land; the other assumed the role of Driver, and it quickly set to work imbuing all the creatures created with existence. The separation of the Creator and the Driver was not a clean one. Countless fragments of Being were shorn away in the split, eventually coalescing into the [Arel](Races/Celestials/Arel.md). The Arel, being made of the selfsame Being, were drawn to, and compelled to obey the Gods. Those who followed the Creator became known as Erelim, and those who followed the Driver became Ishim. Secretly, one larger fragment formed independently, following neither Creator or Driver. This fragment was Seirim who took the form of a middleman and began to plot.

  With the heavens stabilized, life could begin and flourish. By weaving fragments of Being into vessels of flesh, the Driver allowed sentient life to come forth. First of which was [Humanity](Races/Humans/Overview.md), the eldest race, and lords of plains and seas. Next, the [Elves](Races/Elves/Overview.md), with four arms and long life, took to the forests, and quickly entered into conflict with humanity. Last, the ponderous [Dwarves](Races/Dwarves/Overview.md), of metallic complexion and spirit were hewn from the mountainside. For millennia, the races thrived. Humanity’s cities became hubs of commerce and learning. Dwarven fortresses became impregnable, for how does one siege a race that does not need to eat? Only the Elves, with their primitive and savage ways, were driven back, deeper into their ancient forests.

There was no warning.

  Vast stretches of land were instantly gashed and pulverized, rocks melting under the intense power of the blows. Forests burst aflame, and the caverns of Dwarves collapsed to rubble, dooming millions to a slow death by rust. Legions of dead and dying Arel fell from heaven, cratering the landscape and destroying towns. Followers of the Gods suddenly turned on each other, tearing at, and killing all who were nearby. It was as if the very atoms of existence turned on each other.

For a moment, there was peace.

  The sun shattered. An indescribable, piercing wail filled the cosmos, coming from nowhere and everywhere at once; driving many of those unlucky enough to have survived to madness. And then, the world stopped. Birds halted mid-flight and fell from the skies, cows stood, unblinking, in their fields, the wind ceased, and the very forces of decay stopped. The Gods were dead, felled by the other’s hand. As they collapsed, they fragmented, and the world was seeded with fell Shards of Being, who viciously attack all who come near, in the ravenous desire to be whole once more.

  Those that survived the cataclysm were faced with the knowledge that, for better or for worse, they would be the last generation. For nothing could be born or grow. The weather lay frozen, eternally raining in some spots or cooking the earth in others. The cities of Man lay ruined, some flooded, some erased, and some became the dens of madmen and zealots. The dwarves, too, were broken. Their eternal halls had collapsed or were overrun by Shards. The elves forests’ were burnt, but they survived more intact than most. With the power of Man and Dwarf broken, the Elves quickly enacted swift retribution for their millennia of slow decline and genocide.

  And three ‘years’ after the cataclysm, a party of pilgrims, survivors, and wanderers found themselves in what’s left of the village of Diavolo Cadere.
